

Last night my husband and I made a dinner reservation for 8:15 p.m. at this restaurant in our town. We had heard good things and were looking for another neighborhood restaurant to frequent. 
Had high hopes
Ordered the scallop entree . Super low quality, very greasy , sent food back , has taken an extremely long time for it to be returned without the pot of grease it was originally sent in .  My husband ordered the shrimp and grits which were also less than average . My meal after waiting about 15 or 20 min Eventually came back out less greasy but saturated in salt . Tasted like something you'd get at an Applebee's . 
This review is specially for the service rendered. How can you run a restaurant with 2 people waiting the tables for 60 guests on a busy Friday. Have to wait forever for table, water, food and everything else. However good your food might be, if this is the service for the price we pay, then we can find better restaurants to go.
$47 steak ordered mid rare was delivered well done.  I do not believe management handled the issue well.  We will not give them another try.
Had a reservation at 7:45 pm on Saturday night.  We arrived on time only to be told there was at least a 20 minute wait for a party of two.  No apologies, nothing as to why the restaurant could not honor the reservation in a timely manner.  The bar was completely full with others waiting.  We called around and found another restaurant that could take us in a timely manner. When we informed the hostess we were leaving, she shrugged her shoulders and said whatever!  Sad!
I've been a customer here for many years. The food is excellent, no argument there but I have a moral issue with how they treat their employees. Instead of terminating servers or bartenders they just give them no hours. This allows them to bypass paying unemployment. I've also been told, but can't verify, that they change payroll processors pretty regularly to continue to use undocumented illegals for the back kitchen staff. With Halcyon now open I have many more choices closer to home. I'll definitely miss the fried chicken though.
New hotspot on the east side of windward (yay finally). Great little menu, not a huge number of choices but everything it is fantastic. If you like fried chicken be sure to try theirs. Pounded, brined and breaded makes for a melt in your mouth treat.
The food was tasty but the portion size was small.  I had the steak salad and left still feeling hungry.  For $16, you expect to feel at least full.  Another time I ordered the salad with salmon.  Same issue.  From a flavor perspective it's fine.  But from a portion and price point, it's not worth it.  Now I will say that the fried chicken portion is larger if that's what works for you.  People seem to like that.  I won't be back.  Thanks.
The food was tasty but the portion size was small.  I had the steak salad and left still feeling hungry.  For $16, you expect more.
Previously left this restaurant a 5-star review, as it's one of my favorite restaurants tucked away and close to home. Last night we decided to dine at this restaurant instead of going Downtown and were quick to regret this decision. We were promptly sat by a friendly host who poured us water. Mel, our server, took about 10 minutes to greet us and never apologized for the long wait. It was a nice evening and we sat on the patio so this really wasn't a big deal. We ordered a round of cocktails and split an appetizer. The food here is always phenomenal. It would've been nice for our server to check in on the food, but again, nothing. This also wasn't a huge deal. After ordering more cocktails and food, our server just stopped showing up all together. It appears she transferred the table to somebody else and no longer wanted anything to do with us. This was odd and confusing, and not the service I would expect when spending $100+ for dinner. Right before doing so, Mel was passive aggressive and slamming side plates on our table. I will probably go back but will sit at the bar where I've had good service in the past. There are WAY too many options in Alpharetta now to have rude service. It's simply unacceptable.
I am sorry to hear that you had a bad experience here at this restaurant. I agree with you that rude service is unacceptable, and will work with my staff to make sure that this does not happen again. I talked to Mel and the other server who took care of you the other night. They were working together and as Mel was finishing some things in the back she had her partner come and check on you all. I am sorry that this came off as rude and that we enabled this misunderstanding to take place. We would love to have you all come back and allow us to show you that we are not a place where rude behavior is accepted.
Explored this restaurant on my birthday after hearing good reviews from friends and I was not disappointed. The atmosphere was impeccable, the food was phenomenal, and my bartender, Melati, made me the tastiest Caipirinha I've had since being overseas vacationing. I will definitely be back soon for dinner to get the entire experience. Highly recommended!!!
Went there during the week.  Server kept coming back stating that items were not available for multiple parties.  We were pleasant the entire time.  Appetizers were out and entrée choices were out at 7pm at night for dinner.  No offer to buy or do anything other than promise to have items the next time.  Server chose to mimic us which we overheard him doing on our departure.  Will never recommend this restaurant after multiple times going there.
Went here to celebrate my birthday on a Saturday.  Food took an usually long time to arrive... granted it was a bit crowded. The waitress was nice and friendly and our drinks were fantastic. However, I ordered my salmon cooked "very well" done. I explained very clearly that I prefer my salmon cooked where the edges are a bit crispy.I saw the waitress write it down.  Do you know that the chef cooked my salmon the way he wanted it to be cooked?? Ugh. It was fleshy and slightly raw in the middle. And while I understand that's how many people like their salmon... I don't. Hence my explicit instructions. The chef then had the audacity to come out and ask me if I liked my fish.... at the end of the meal no less.  I told him I preferred it cooked more but this would do. Overall my guests thought the food was ok... nothing special and definitely not near extraordinary. It's a cute spot... but the food was NOT worth the long wait. My guess is that it's a newer spot so there's a lot of hype...
I ate here on a Monday afternoon around 4 pm, before the crowd arrives.   I had the lobster bisque and a artisan cheese and meat plate. The bisque was rather tasty. The cheese and meat seemed rather old. I had two different craft cocktail drinks that were both way too sweet.  Since I was the only patron in there, you would think they would have asked me if everything was OK, but instead they stood around all talking, including what appeared to be two managers. I had to ask for another drink, as the bartender never checked on me.  I guess there were around eight workers and they were all just shooting the bull. I even had to ask for my check after 10 minutes, after laying my credit card out on the bar.  This restaurant, in my opinion, appears to be trying to do the hip thing like a Brookhaven restaurant, but it just doesn't cut it.  Still, I'll give it another shot and try some different cocktails and other menu items and update my review.  I'm sure restaurants tend to get lax in between hours, but you never know who you're serving, so it's really not advantageous to your business to not treat every customer impeccably - especially large tippers like myself.
Made a reservation for 1:00. Table was not ready. Had to wait 20 minutes. Service was average. Ordered the basil garlic chicken sandwich. No garlic, no basil, came on a hamburger bun, whole thing was not good. Won't be back.
This place is great for people that like appearances over taste. The atmosphere is great, the tables are nice, the bar is nice... but the food is subpar. You would think by spending over $150 here I would have a nice meal, but it was a disappointment. You can trick people by making the place look good, but you can't trick people's taste buds.
The staff here is friendly enough. Id guess thats a big part of their good reviews. However the food is pretty awful. It reminded us of messy food from the 80's or those restaurants inside cooking schools that allow he students to practice. The taste and combinations were strange. We saw the chef owner walking around spending plenty of time talking to people but maybe if he were in the back making sure the food came out well or working on his craft the food would be better. 
This is a fairly new restaurant. It's well thought out with the exception that it is the noisiest place to have dinner I've been in in the past six months. It's so loud you can't hear across the table. When are restauranteurs going to get the fact people want to hear each other when they have dinner? Good waiter!
I had the fried chicken.  It was just ok.  Too much pepper.  Another person in our party ordered the special of the night, strip steak.  I have never seen a strip steak served in 2 pieces.  Presentation was very poor.  We ordered the flourless chocolate cake.  Also ask for 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream to be served with it.  The cake was burnt.  We got 3 large tablespoons of ice cream.  I am telling it like it was.  Service was below par.  I wanted to have dessert taken off bill but we could not get find our server.  My Uber car was waiting so we just left.   Won't be going back.
I'm sorry but am I the only one who feels that $25 for a chicken breast in a barnyard atmosphere is considered  unassuming or just downright tacky and taking advantage of  location location. The food is acceptable but not worth the trouble continue down the road another two miles for better fare
Tonight we dined with two other couples at a new place called this restaurant. We were very excited to try a new spot! Especially since the reviews I read were great! The place itself is located on Windward Parkway next to a Mexican restaurant in a non descript strip shopping center, but once inside its a very attractive interior. They even have an attractive, decent seating bar. It started out terrific with recommended drinks from our waiter Carlos. He also suggested what appetizers to get for our party of six. We received our first round of drinks then appetizers, but after that it quickly went downhill. The menu is limited, but the selection is alright even with all our particular eaters. They have something for everyone from fish, Pork, chicken, to fish. I ordered the fried chicken which when it eventually showed up over an hour late was delicious. Unfortunately my meal didn't even get delivered the same time as the rest of our table. My husbands fish was sent out cold after we had waited well over an hour for our entrees when all the tables around us that sat after us all ate their meals and left!!! Our waiter by the way avoided us like the plague instead of approaching us to explain there was a mix up in the kitchen and offering us something..anything... He chose to avoid our table, leaving empty drinking glasses, empty appetizer plates behind as well. He could have saved the disaster that was unfolding but instead choose to avoid us. One of our friends got up to ask that the Mgr come over. He did and very poorly explained what occurred. On another note my husbands food when it came out cold was sent back to the kitchen and when re delivered it was the same cold fish but rewarmed with an inedible potato cake on the side. The chef also came out to explain but truly was unable to articulate what occurred. They comped the entire meal, but at the end of day it's not what we were looking for... The restaurant team needs to learn when a table doesn't get food in a timely manner to react rather than ignore that we were sitting there with no food. The situation could have been turned around. These folks are completely green when it comes to running a restaurant. I wish them the best. Honestly I do but it's all about customer satisfaction and this customer is not satisfied. Total disappointment. 
No a place to come back...


What can I say. I gave them another chance and it was worse than my last review. Other than the food being gross- the hostest said 1 hour wait minimum. I said fine only because I saw empty tables. 10 min later my table is ready. She simply had a bad attitude and did not want to be hosting a when she could be at home. Probably one of the family members. Only the guy with muscles making Pizza belongs there. He should get rid of the rest of family from the business.
Place has gone down hill. The two people you see in the photo are never there. I doubt any of the family is ever there. Old man Gambino would turn in is grave. All this place has left is return customers from his legacy and people with no other choice for pizza parlor casual Italian.
We made reservations for. Party of 10. They separated our party and reassured us that they would serve our party at the same time Our table waited an hour and a half and ended up asking for our food to go. Then , They charged us for the entire bill and when we explained that the table we were with was served and had finished eating before we even got our orders, the manager just said" things happen "?*#?!
I would give this place 0 stars, but I can't. I didn't think I would receive such terrible service. I came to this establishment to celebrate our family coming together. 
Do NOT patronize this restaurant. This restaurant was completely at fault for messing up our orders and made little to NO apology for their mistakes. We arrived at the restaurant and they seated our party at two separate tables since we were a large party and they didn't have an available table. We agreed, but one of our tables was served food over an HOUR after our other table even though they had assured us that we would be taken care of at the same time if we split tables. Several tables of people were served before our table had been served, and when we asked to talk to the manager (who eventually "figured out what was the problem was") and the food was finally brought out to our table, it was over an hour and 45 minutes late!!! After that they proceeded to charge us the full amount for our meal with little to no apology other than "things happen". Patronize another restaurant if you want quality service. I will never return to this restaurant again.
Do not do delivery as i have been waiting hours driver tells me that the Greek salad is what took my $150 pasta hour so long ridiculous food terrible by the time it arrived
I would give this place zero stars but you can't.  First of if you want Italian food run and cooked by Spanish people this is the place for you. Everything tasted like it came out of a can.  Second they don't know what scaloppine is they think it means Marsala sauce when it actually means pounded thin.  
Ordered a half pepperoni half plain large pie. Had to be the worst looking, worst tasting pizza I ever had. The crust was burnt, blackened with oven dirt, swimming in pepperoni oil and tasted like the cardboard box it came in might taste. The so-called "lady" behind the to-go counter taking the orders, may benefit from some Miss Porter's etiquette school. Almost as nasty as the pizza.
I dined at this restaurant last night. I'm new to town and was looking for a good Italian restaurant to call home. I'm the kind of person that picks 6-8 good places and then I stick with them for decades.
A horrible experience starting from the snarky hostess in a Blue dress followed by a ridiculous and inept women server and  a the totally non existent manager to address the multitude of issues... the food never came and they did not even cared!
Subpar chicken parm. I'm from NYC and used to a lot better Italian spots, so I'm not sure what passes for "great" out here. Service was pretty crappy. We got stuck in the corner of the restaurant and the waiter never checked in. We saw the bus boy more than him. All the employees were so miserable!
Don't waste your time, money, or hungry self going there. Awful experience. Was excited to try especially since it was packed. Ordered the grilled pepper, mozzerella, and chickensalad. It wasn't even a salad. It was basically too much mozzarella on a plate with a few peppers on a bed of some lettuce. The few pieces of chicken on it was good. Then got the chicken Parm to share with the side of penne with tomato sauce. Waiting for the Parm to come took forever. When it eventually came it was terrible. The chicken was barely cooked or even fried. The sauce was good and the mozzerella on top wasnt even cooked like Parm usually is. I sent it back- which I never do. And just asked for it to be put under the broiler. This should have taken 5 minutes max. After about 25 minutes it came back and looked the same , undercooked. The waiter said the owner tried it and didn't like it so they cooked a new one. This one was even worse, cold! Even worse, the waiter didn't even ask how this one was. Confused why it was packed or has 4 stars.
Worst Pizza on Earth
Went inside sat at the bar.  Asked the bartender for the wifi number.  He walked away.  I asked again and he just started throwing numbers at me as he walked   I got up and left.
Be careful. Sauces seem to be straight from a can. We ordered spinach that had a strong carcinogenic taste, likely due to a pan or grill that wasn't cleaned.
Terrible food. Pasta is definitely frozen, not fresh. Grossly overpriced for the quality food that is served. I've had better pasta out of a Kraft macaroni box.
Nothing like it used to be since the father/founder passed away several years ago. Many of the sisters and brothers who were so pleasant either to seat you or service you behind the deli counter are no longer there. 
I have been spending my summers in Southampton for a lifetime. I've been going to La Parm first with my folks and now taking my own children. No more. We went there the other night on the way home from a day at the beach and we were told we couldn't sit in the dining room because my son had a tank top on! We were told we had to sit outside (in the hot tent). Meanwhile, my son pointed out to the hostess that women can wear whatever they want...? Fair, I don't think so. It's a glorified deli...bye bye
Terrible service. My fiance and I ordered 2 different plates, mine came 30 minutes before his and when his plate finally came it was cold inside. They didn't even apologized or anything. I'm never coming back there.
Lasagna made me nauseous.  A giant mound of cheese. 
Just awful - you'd think a place with this name would know how to make chicken parm, but it was GRILLED chicken with melted cheese, no breading; also, chicken marsala was in a greenish-yellow sauce tasting vaguely of curry with no mushrooms; this place was OK years ago but they need some italians in the kitchen


The pictures on yelp made it look like an amazing place. Half of what we tried to order they didn't have. The oil from the chicken burned my face and hands, the quality of the food was really disappointing. The service was weird and the vibes were very off. We didn't even finish the food, and went to Dave's Hot Chicken instead. I don't usually write bad reviews, but this one is very necessary.
I've been to this restaurant quite a few times over the past year, usually for their jackfruit meals.  I've had some fantastic Jackfruit burgers, as well as meat burgers.  Picked up an order of a jackfruit burrito and a Skillet Burger last Saturday and BLECH! The burrito was so loaded with lukewarm sauce and tomato (which, in my opinion should not be included from the start).  I took a few bites and had to throw it away.  Nevermind the unappetizing appearance, it tasted awful.  My boyfriend got the burger and said it was no better than McDonalds.  We received free fries for checking in on yelp but they were stale, unsalted and cold. 
Went in late so maybe that's why my experience was unpleasant. I got a Togo burger (the hot one lol). In my opinion it just wasn't good. Soggy, not hot, and over priced burgers. $10.75 for one burger that wasn't good. But try for yourself
Seriously?? Maybe I came on a bad day? Burger was RAW, I might as well have ordered tar tar. I was there with the wife, and BOTH our orders took 30+mins! I can imagine if it was busy but we were 2 out of the 10 ppl at the place! I need the chefs number, I need the recipe for a 30min tar tar
Drove 20 mins for them to tell me they aren't selling anymore jackfruit.!  only reason why I use to come here.
Disgusting. Dirty bathrooms, dirty tables, dirty everything. The servers look like they washed their clothes a month ago. Could not eat anything.
Walked in at 6:00 pm and the brisket was told the brisket wasn't ready so I couldn't order a brisket burger or fries. They only had 2 soda Can options and free water but no ice. Overpriced and basket of fries was so tiny. $8 for small cheese fries. 
First I would not give them a star at all I didn't even eat at this restaurant they are horrible at customer service and are rude to you on the phone and in person. this restaurant employees/supervisors if you can call anyone there with a straight face supervising anything and I wouldn't even take a 60 credit that they offered me the level of disgusting behavior from this restaurant makes me feel sick from the way they treat people and that is usually a reflection on there food care as well. I do not recommend this place  giving this place has no moral high ground and childish behavior. They did nothing to resolve a simple delivery mistake and lied for about three hours before letting me know I'm not getting my food at all. There excuse after that whole time was it was grub hubs fault. 
Sir,
This place is a joke. Took so long to get my order on a Friday night I was convinced only 1 person was working during dinner hours. They didn't put my burger and cheese fries in a plastic bag. The paper bag tore and I got cheese sauce all over my car seat. Got my food to go but looked like a lot of other people were waiting around too. Never going back again.
Hi Devin,
* the floors and all the tables were sticky*. The burger was okay and wasn't seasoned at all. Also, they didn't have half the menu they claim they have online.
Hi Vahe,
The first time I ate here, it was delivered, and it was delicious. The second time I ate here, it was also quite good. My only complaint about the second visit was that the drink machine was not working properly (the Coca-Cola was all fizz, no syrup and the staff shrugged and said they didn't know how to fix it). Oh well. 
Over a year ago, I ordered a meal to be delivered from here and it was so good, my partner and I had to go to the source. We had many successful trips here with good food and service.
Yooooo DO NOT GET THE CHICKEN SANDWICH! It looks nothing like the pictures posted lol. This is the only place I've ever seen CATFISH food. Straight up disrespectful. 
Hi Mariah,
Walk In around 4pm
(Well to add to my long funny rant I would like to say that you are spending more time responding to the reviews than you are actually trying to fix your restaurant. And in my personal opinion which by the way that is what these reviews are, "opinions" nobody is trying to use there power on Yelp if I wanted to use any power I would just post how bad your restaurant is on social media which 1.6 million people plus more would see on my page and then let's see who will be using there power. I was not rude or disrespectful to you I simply stated my "OPINION" on what I personally experienced at YOUR restaurant and you didn't not say once in your response that you were sorry that my family and I had a bad experience at your restaurant. But thank you for letting me rant)
Where do I even start me and my family decided to go to this restaurant when we got there nobody was even in the restaurant, which that was a mistake on our part for even staying when nobody was there. We ordered a couple of things a southern BBQ burger, 2 orders of wings, and fries and the total price came to $47 and that's not even the beginning. We went to get our drinks and ALL the drinks were DISCUSSING, the sodas were flat and the tea tasted like watered down tea. And while filling up my drink the spout of the fountain drinks fell into my drink and the Dr Pepper sprayed all over me. Since there was only 3 of us in the restaurant we expected our food to come out pretty fast, but no we waited at least 35 minutes to come out when we got our food the presentation was not all that good but we continued to eat. While one of my family members got the burger there was a old, brown, hard onion in the burger. The wings were soft and the chicken got in your teeth. And after we paid $47 for the food we asked for extra ranch and the worker had the nerve to ask for 37 extra cents. Not only was the food bad nobody was ever at the front desk and they to men that working were just back there talking‍. I do NOT recommend this place to anyone.
My family and I seen this restaurant on instagram. Looked good and trendy in the North Hollywood area that has a lot of new great restaurants.  Place was pretty much empty. We ordered and food took a Lil longer than it should for an empty burger joint.  The decor was nice until You looked beyond the front counter.  There's a big old metal locker on the wal that looks completely out of place and I huge metal object blocking the kitchen.  You're not able to see them actually prepare the food. I definitely didn't like that. 
Decided to go to this restaurant with my family - what a disappointment.  We should have known better since there was no one inside eating.  Right next door at Ruby's was packed. Great places always have people wanting their food. We ordered wings and the southern bbq burger. The bottom of bun on the burger was very hard, and thick green tomato with a old over cooked onion ring. The wings were very wet and did not look like wings at all. The guy who took our order didn't smile or even greet us by saying hello. The fountain drinks were horrible &amp; watered down. We tried Sprite, Coke, Dr Pepper &amp; the tea - all of which was disgusting. There were two employees working. No one came to check on us. They stayed in the back talking. I do not recommend this place. I predict this place won't make it through the summer.
I'm not sure what crispy chicken burger y'all talking about. My sandwich came with 2 small Chicken strips on a hamburger bun with heavy sauce and 2 pickles. Not cool!I was rushing to work so I had no time to return my order.
The person at the register was this inexperienced kid who had know idea what he was doing ! As we walked in he came from the back, where the kitchen is, wearing gloves !l! He kept touching the screen and took the money with those gloves on. I mean he shouldn't even come to the register wearing gloves in the first place ! As we were getting our drinks we saw him go back and touch the burger patties ( you can actually see the prep table from the front ). We really hoped that he changed those gloves on his way back to the table !!! 
Well. how is this place still going? I ordered a simple chicken sandwich and some wings with a coke. 
