

My girlfriend is in here shopping right now and the security/ front girl has been staring me down the whole time. Will not be back for any reason whether it's for my girlfriend or me. Terrible experience for such a high dollar retail operation. Truly embarrassing compared to something like Macy's.
Extremely racist and rude, every single time I've gone in I'm never greeted or helped however I'm always stared at from head to toe (I'm a Hispanic ) however I'm never offered helped just watched over as if I'm stealing, extremely uncomfortable to shop. On November 22nd I walked in with 2 of my friends who are both white passing Mexicans no one greeted us or offered to help us find a setting powder however we heard comments about us being shared over headset (our outfits being described) there was a point where I picked up a pair of LILY lashes and heard "she has some Lilly lashes in her hand not sure what style" how more rude could you be ? I gave them back to an employee and made it clear I didn't want them, I wasn't willing to spend money there however my friends were so I followed them to the setting powders and overheard the security complain about not being able to go on lunch because of us "stealing" we had no merchandise with us at this point nor any other shopping bags to make us suspicious, at this point I was super frustrated so I went to tell my friend how I was feeling and once again overheard them discussing about us, this time the store manager was saying how we realized that that they had caught on to us "stealing". My friend was done purchasing her items at this and we were headed out and they slowly followed behind, I was extremely humiliated and overwhelmed at this point, turned around and told the manager "would you like to check us" taken by surprise  she wasn't sure what to say and stood in silence, I told her how I knew they had profiled me and even heard the security taking about me specifically,,  trying to befriend me she said "I normally don't share this but he's talking about a different girl who was trying to steal lily lashes" which I replied "yes that customer was me but I wasn't stealing I gave them back" she turned red and didn't know what to say other than to argue with me and invalidate my feelings by saying "no we would never" every time I gave an example on them profiling me, didn't wanna give me her name when I asked for it, went in a week later and asked an employee I've never seen before for the store manager and she pointed to her. Worst this store ever.
Extremely racist and rude, every single time I've gone in I'm never greeted or helped however I'm always stared at from head to toe (I'm a Hispanic ) however I'm never offered helped just watched over as if I'm stealing, extremely uncomfortable to shop. On November 22nd I walked in with 2 of my friends who are both white passing Mexicans no one greeted us or offered to help us find a setting powder however we heard comments about us being shared over headset (our outfits being described) there was a point where I picked up a pair of LILY lashes and heard "she has some Lilly lashes in her hand not sure what style" how more rude could you be ? I gave them back to an employee and made it clear I didn't want them, I wasn't willing to spend money there however my friends were so I followed them to the setting powders and overheard the security complain about not being able to go on lunch because of us "stealing" we had no merchandise with us at this point nor any other shopping bags to make us suspicious, at this point I was super frustrated so I went to tell my friend how I was feeling and once again overheard them discussing about us, this time the store manager was saying how we realized that that they had caught on to us "stealing". My friend was done purchasing her items at this and we were headed out and they slowly followed behind, I was extremely humiliated and overwhelmed at this point, turned around and told the manager "would you like to check us" taken by surprise  she wasn't sure what to say and stood in silence, I told her how I knew they had profiled me and even heard the security taking about me specifically,,  trying to befriend me she said "I normally don't share this but he's talking about a different girl who was trying to steal lily lashes" which I replied "yes that customer was me but I wasn't stealing I gave them back" she turned red and didn't know what to say other than to argue with me and invalidate my feelings by saying "no we would never" every time I gave an example on them profiling me, didn't wanna give me her name when I asked for it, went in a week later and asked an employee I've never seen before for the store manager and she pointed to her. Worst this store ever.
I have heard a lot of negative things about this store lately and have been avoiding it for the most part. But I had a shoot the next day so I went In desperation for the first time in years. On Sunday, July 14 I went into this store, desperately looking for help. The ladies at the door were less than enthusiastic when I walked in. The store was crowded, probably a tiring and hectic day. No problem. I was helped by a lovely person and we bonded briefly over being from the south. I wish I knew their name, because they were amazing and the only positive thing about my experience. 
i want to preface this review by saying i'm young, and that i'm never ever one to make a fuss about much. i work in a retail setting and know how horrible it feels to have customers berate you, which is why i normally don't make a big deal about things. but this experience crossed so many lines for me today. live only a little bit away from this store, and have been coming here for a long time. i needed to come in and get a new foundation and concealer to match my skin tone as i'm a little tanner now. today, i was matched with a blonde woman with glasses. she seemed very blunt and i felt a little uncomfortable, so i complemented her eyeshadow to possibly ease the tension. i'm a service worker and i know how difficult it can be sometimes. she didn't seem to let up, or even care, at all. i was trying to talk about my concerns and what i was looking for in a foundation and concealer as well as setting powder, and she was legitimately laughing in my face, and not in a nice way. she treated me like i was dumb, and wouldn't even let me finish what i was saying before cutting me off and making me seem like an idiot for even asking a question about a product. she kept making snarky comments about products i had questions about and every question i had was met with attitude. i've never felt more stupid in my entire life, and she was just HORRIBLE. i've never had such a disgusting experience in my entire life with a sales person. oh, and not to mention that i openly heard her whispering to her coworkers about the customers shopping around in a completely unprofessional way. 
The associates were standing around and not busy at all but never once asked if I needed any help finally when I got someone to help me they literally ROLLED THEIR EYES when I asked them to help, I wanted more information and she seemed like I was such a bother so I just asked for a sample to figure it out myself, she walked away and took 20 mins to get a sample when she came back I went to ask her a question and she just walked away. I was over it so I left.
HORRIBLE! DISCRIMINATORY AND RUDE!
Consistently changing store "policy" no more facials no samples you choose the said try something new and that not in the this store policy getting stereotyped unfriendly colored folk watching guards don't shop here if your a straight colored man you'll feel very watched and in welcomed
USE. CLEAN. BRUSHES. I went here to test a different shade of my favorite foundation. One of the employees asked if I wanted to try it all over. I agreed not thinking that she was going to use DIRTY brushes on my face. I rarely ever break out, and the very next morning, I had pimples allll over my forehead. Upon doing more research, I saw that this is a common practice amongst this store employees. How hard is it to clean your brushes in between applications? Why on earth would you think it's ok to transfer bacteria in between your clients? My advice for anyone going here for a makeover or to try any type of face products, demand clean brushes be used on your face. You would think that would be common sense, but as they say, common sense ain't common. I went there last Wednesday, and the acne is still here almost a week later. Thanks this store:)
This is the closest this store to where I live,so I can say I've been here a good handful of times. Not once have I ever been greeted by an employee not even a simple "are you finding everything okay". Today, I can in with hopes to find a new foundation I was looking around for a good 20 minutes empty handed. I noticed some employees noticing me, as if I would steal but not at all to approach me. I could have left with products they sold to me, but instead decided I would rather avoid having to approach employees that wouldn't want to help me anyways.
I stopped by this location to make a specific purchase in June, but the employees were so rude and snobbish that I ordered from a competitor.
I purchased the ABH dip-brow pomade from this location only to open it a few days later to find out that it had already been used! 
Horrible customer service here. I was ready to make quite a few purchases, but could not get any of the employees to make eye contact. Even the girl standing at the door to offer baskets just stared past me as I entered and did not offer me one of the baskets in her arms? Her only job was to greet people and hand them a basket and she did neither. Good luck in life. Granted I had no make up on so maybe they assumed talking to me would be a waste of time? Maybe I was too old to be someone they wanted to chat with? But old and makeup-less should be their target audience because we need it and we aren't broke.  Anyway, I had to actually reach out and touch an employee on the arm to get her to even respond to my "excuse me." She seemed annoyed as I was interrupting her convo with another employee. I asked about 3 different foundations that were on the website. She said very shortly that she hadn't heard of them and walked away. Did not offer any solutions, any recommendations, or simply ask if I'd like help finding anything else they have to offer. This left me feeling super awkward about approaching someone again. I proceeded to wander around the store for about 45 minutes and was again never asked if I needed help. The employees were NOT busy- there were probably about 5 other customers in the entire store. Ended up leaving and will just go elsewhere.
I like this store and I spend a good amount of money there (VIB Rouge for 3 years).  I mostly order online but have gone to this location twice in the last couple of months.  The first time I went I wandered through the store for ten minutes and was never asked if I needed any help.  This felt unusual because I'm usually asked within the first couple of minutes at the this location.  I assumed that it was an off-day.  I left without buying anything because they didn't appear to carry the foundation I was looking for in store.  I ordered it online later that day.
I shop at this store and others frequently, as I am in the beauty industry. I came in 1/24/17 at around 5pm, to purchase a few products before meeting my husband after work.  Multiple associates asked me if I needed any help, like they always do. All of them polite and helpful. 
I couldn't get anyone to help me after 20 minutes of being in this store. I wanted to just buy what I needed and leave, but the foundation I buy was out of stock on the shelves. I've worked in beauty stores before, so I know the backstock goes in the drawers underneath displays so that the staff can easily stock the shelves throughout the day. 
I've had a series of mediocre customer service experiences in this store, which is why I do 99% of my buying on their website even though I work nearby. 
I'm a loyal this store customer. I've always loved the store and found some of my favorite beauty products there. But today, I was followed around the store and not a single person asked me for help. I'm young and was dressed in a black jacket and beanie. I felt as though I was discriminated for my age and how I was dressed. I had money to spend here today, and now I have no interest in ever coming back to this store. I came here frequently too, as I'm a student at PSU. I will not be coming back to this location again.
This is a great store to go to if you're feeling overwhelmed by the downtown experience and would like to be alone. Or if you need to prepare yourself for something miserable, like prison, and need a stepping stone to that experience. Two people in this store outfits stood at the door as I walked in, and no, they didn't greet me. Based on the snide way they greeted everyone else, I was relieved. It reminded me of "Mean Girls" except the wigs in that movie were better. Then I wandered around the store trying to spend money, and no, no one offered to help me with anything, and no, it wasn't busy. My intention in going in was to drop some dimes on a small arsenal of cosmetics to make my eyes pop and a Clarisonic, and I left after selecting and purchasing travel sized shampoo and conditioner, which was hastily crammed into a bag alongside a single free sample. What kind of glutton for punishment do you have to be to go to this store on a regular basis, when you can shop online and get three free samples and none of the headache?
I suggest heading to the Washington Square store- the employees at this particular this store seem to only care about their older clientele. For instance I'm 42 and walked in with my daughter- I was looking to purchase eyebrow make up while my daughter wanted an eye palette. After ASKING a woman for assistance she showed me exactly what I didn't want- and let me decide. I asked her if she could put it on me if this was the only option. she did that and walked away. I know this store has a lot of options for eyebrows but I left the store cause I was not going to search for myself. I ended up in macys at the benefit brow line and THEY WERE AMAZING. they had a lot of options and treated me fairly. I won't be returning to that this store any longer cause I never get the service. possibly my younger hipster look isn't what they want to work with. Either way- huge thumbs down.
Let's start off by letting people know, I'm not obsessed with makeup. I actually wore MORE in HS, than I do now.  There's only one reason why I'd stop @ this store, because there's one product that may help me, stay away from chemicals, was to use NO LEAD LIPSTICK.   I stand up for cancer.  The last article I read goes like this: "400 shades of lipstick contain lead". I've known this for awhile, I thought it was a prank, but on SHINE it was posted again. Google lead in lipstick. About 10,300,000 results. 2-16-12.   Visit FDA search in Cosmetics.


Today I received a package from this store.  I've never heard of them and certainly never ordered from them.  Inside was a clothing item for a baby (no babies in my life right now so I REALLY know I did not order)
MAYRA!!! Beware of this RUDE and SAD excuse of a MANAGER. I HAVE NEVER EXPERIENCED SUCH POOR MANAGEMENT IN MY LIFE! MAYRA AT THIS STORE SHOULD BE FIRED or at least not be in a management as she is SIMPLY NOT FIT TO BE IN THIS POSITION. SHE WAS VERY RUDE TO ME AND MY BOYFRIEND FOR NO REASON. She wouldn't return a coat I bought because she said there was dog hair on it and when I asked where there was dog hair because I don't even own a dog, she couldn't point it out and said "I know what I saw." WHAT?! like i'm genuinely confused here. Then she accused me of wiping it off when I was in front of her or another cashier the ENITRE TIME and the garment was in THEIR POSSESSION. I hope this girl gets fired from management as she was very unprofessional in the way she spoke to a once valuable customer. WONT EVER GO TO THIS LOCATION AGAIN.
rating i desire to give is 0 stars
worst customer service this store in the world second comes Hollywood one.
The worst this store store I've ever been to. The associates are rude and talk badly about customers within earshot. Always super messy, nobody ever offers to help you. All the other reviews are true, this location sucks.
Worst Return policy ever!!!! They don't care if u have all tags on or if u charged on cc. Without a receipt they will do nothing but exchange for the same item in a diff size that u didn't want to begin with.  Makes me never want to shop there ever.
poor customer service.  called to inquire about an item I wanted to purchase.. and was placed on hold for over 15 minutes ..  had to call back again...placed on hold again...for 11 minutes.....called back again and asked for the manager this time....placed on hold again....  really terrible customer service..won't be shopping at this store anytime in the future..
Something is wrong with the people who work here honestly.... are you guys all trust fund babies who got taken off the will..... why all such bad attitudes all the time?? Did you forget you work for a department store in retail and your job is to assist customers ?  Or wait.... do you guys think the customers work for you here?? How is it that !  From the manager to the cashiers... you can't get a polite person? I tried three times too many I'm def boycotting this location!  I guess my last review suggesting customer service training wasn't read!!
Very bad customer service!! This location needs to seriously have a customer service training month!! I don't understand how people who work here act as if they're better then the people they're servicing meaning the customer.... so I go In to take back a outfit and I had my receipt all tags still on stuff this cashier looks over item several times then calls a manager for me to get a gift card mind you I have receipt!! Manager does gift card and I state does this really make sense she apologies sarcastically!!  it's really crazy how these ppl treat people at this location!! I will not be returning here....seriously someone I must of lost the memo how has this gone on for so long!! How does upper management look at these reviews and not feel a need to train!!
Worst this store experience ever. Actually an experience that will cause me to boycott this store from now on. I would like this store management to reach out to me. The Manager was rude to me and lacks zero customer service skills. TAKE YOUR MONEY ELSEWHERE.
I was told that as long as I returned the pants that I bought with all of the tags and price tags attached, I could get store credit and a full return if I had the receipt.
Terrible customer service. I never write negative reviews but this store is a prime example why brick and mortar stores are going under.
I had a very horrible experience at a this store store tonight. 
this store staff have a reputation for being snotty. This location has rudest staff yet. Please get over yourselves.
If I could give negative stars I would!!! This was the last time I ever step foot in this store. Don't get me wrong the this store in dtla and in Glendale aren't the greatest either but at least the other ones the sales people don't pay you no mind and they will somewhat help you when you ask them. 
Both jeans from this store the skinny blue island collection ripped from the back pocket and crotch area. They are identical jeans I purchased them twice. Unfortunately they couldn't give me money back because I took the internal tags off and without receipts they can't validate a manufacturer defect.
All the employees look unhappy here so that says a lot about the company if u ask me..... I'll still shop here tho don't bother me none cause they clothes cute and I don't have to be there after my purchase ‍
Had a terrible experience shopping at this store today. The clerk forgot to disable the alarm device on the item I bought and the alarm went off when I was trying to leave. 
WORST STORE EVER WITH THEIR STUPID ASS POLICY. I'll have to throw
After a bad experience about 5 years ago I made the unfortunate decision to try and shop there again - I do not recommend this to anyone.
Wow!  Not a positive experience....
this store location is one of the most poorly run stores I've ever seen in my life, and I've shopped a lot!  It's not really a selection style, although the store is somewhat unorganized.  It's an example of truly HIDEOUS customer service, so far beyond what you would expect from any kind of store, even the dollar store.


I ordered a roomba style vacuum cleaner for Christmas. It was stolen from the porch or possibly by the delivery service. They told us to get a police report. We filed a report and called to give them the report number. Weeks went by and we called again. The customer service agent working with us is no longer there. Now they wan a copy of the report, which we will have to pay for. It's March now and we still don't have a refund or the vacuum. We have been victimized twice, once by the thief and once by this store. Take your business elsewhere. I understand Amazon has a much better business policy.
I can’t stand this particular store here. I helped set up this store back in 2007 for a month and didn't get paid the last 2 weeks that i had worked among with more 20 other temp employees. I hope the company goes under then they already are and go outta business for good!!
I was recently in this store on People's Road in my City trying to exchange a gift I received at Christmas. I didn't have the box or a receipt because I had thrown the box away and was never given the receipt.  I didn't want money.  Just an exchange.  They refused.  I'm now stuck with a worthless piece of junk and my friend is truly upset because when he called they told him no problem.  I understand why they have that policy but for a broken item that I believe is just wrong.   Think very hard people before you buy anything from them.  You might be stuck with a worthless piece of crap.
I WILL NOT SHOP IN BBB,
this store: The House Cleaning Could Be Too Late
Still the same place with the same problems. Actually I would say its worst! Proof of that ? They just fired their COO and a lot of their corporate staff!
Loooong lines all the time impolite and rude customer service compounds an already bad experience today. Had an unpleasant experience today with Adair. Motioned to me twice to get out of an existing line and then when I get to his register twice he told me off twice. I will take my business to amazon simple as that why do I have to spend 15 minutes in line and they don't care. When I asked for the manager he is nowhere close but all these employees are sitting around by the door
I live nearby and have shopped here several times. It's usually whatever. This time, however, was a different story.
I bought a mattress pad at BBandB that turned out to be a total piece of crap. It wasn't within a foot of being the advertised size, and was so lumpy and deformed it couldn't have been used even if it had been the right size. I returned it and the woman who eventually, grudgingly gave me a refund was extremely rude about it, as if I had done something wrong.
I have been going to the west la store for years and boy is it going downhill.  Have been there twice in three days to buy $180 coffee makers- one for home and one fir the office.  The office one kept stalling out. A short or something.  Made a sievuak trip
Ive been waiting at the return counter for 23 minutes cause my return item has no tag, i tried to help A.J The cashier finding the UPVC i even offered to go grab another in rhe store and he flat out ignored me. crap customer service, rude cashier, Get it together this store...i mean the code is right there in front of you on my RECIEPT! 
I usually have a satisfactory shopping experience at this store. However this time I was rudely accosted by the security guard after my brother tried to go smoke outside while I shopped. The man KNEW we came in together and saw me go into the store with a cart. In fact he most likely heard my brother say he was going to smoke. The man went after my brother while he was already half way down the block and called him back using the demeaning term "Big Dog" demanding him to come get myself and my father. Once our shopping was interrupted and we were FORCED to go back to the entrance he told us what happened and I explained politely that he was just going to smoke. All he had to say was "Oh." Despite my disgust I apologized and tried to resume my now tainted shopping experience. My brother didn't get to smoke and the man DID NOT apologize right after or when we exited; didn't even make eye contact. I'm very disappointed in his behavior especially since every time we come to this store we spend over $100-$200. With substandard security service, someone really needs a refresher on customer curtesy training.
RUDE CUSTOMER SERVICE REPS, they think they can accuse you of parking in their establishment when in fact I walked in from the STREET! That damn street. So rude I will never purchase anything from this store ever again. I wish I didn't even have to give hem a star. They don't deserve any!!
Don't believe the hype that BBandB will accept unused returns without a receipt. Davina in Customer Service Returns refused to give me a store credit (even with 20% off the current price) of a $9.99 item.  I buy all my beauty, hygiene, and household products here, as well as expensive appliances such as the Miele and Roomba vacuum cleaners, but will be taking my business elsewhere.
So I went in on 2-26-2019 and spent $600 on new bedding for my wife that is on dialysis and spends alot of time in bed hooked up to her machine. When I finally got around to putting the bedding on the bed for her, I noticed that this $299 down comforter was filled with cotton or some synthetic material.  So being I purchased a down comforter I had to take it back and show them. I figured they would trade me out or let me order one offline. The cashier was nice but had to go on lunch. The manager said she would have to ask her boss to deal with this.. I waited for 22 minutes. When she came back she said they could do nothing for me, it's not their fault but the manufacturer,  she kept my comforter and said here is a piece of paper, took my identification and debt card. Said they will get back to me. So for my wife to be comfortable I had to go buy another from someone elce. Which was $399. How on earth is this my fault or problem?  What did I do? The manager was quite Frank and suggested someone put the wrong comforter in the bag. Well I will not be shopping here anymore, and in the last month I have spent $1400 there. Not only was I offended I lost a total of $700 just to make my wife comfortable.
Had the worst customer service  experience here today.  Went to return a baby gift that my friend spent $175 on.  I didn't have gift receipt because she couldn't find it.  They scanned it and verified that it had been purchased only 2 weeks ago.  However they were only willing to give me store credit back for 75 % of the value simply because I didn't have a gift receipt.... even though their scanner proved it was purchased 2 weeks ago.  Ridiculous.  The manager got involved and was so u helpful, he was a total jerk. Would never shop here again.  Will do Target next time!
Excellent location, great store, a wide assortment of selection too bad the staff isn't very helpful and engaging with the customers, such a big store staff definitely needs to welcome ALL the guest and ask if theirs anything in particular one is looking for. 
I bought the HALO BASSINEST, 4MOM MAMAROO and the DONNA stroller online and obviously my experience was phenomenal because they have everything you need for a baby. :) 
Worst customer service ever!!! Staff was extremely rude and looked for any excuse to not allow me to return an item.  Shop at Target where you are allowed to return unopened and unused items. I have no idea when this store became so ghetto, but I am sure it will go out of business soon.
Bought kitchen soap dispenser looked like metal
Be aware, check item box before you leave store, they sold to us dyson cycle absolute, but in the box was much cheaper dyson and they don't want to do return!!!!
I recently purchased two clocks from here. Both of them stopped working. The first one I bought I managed to keep the receipt because it failed so quickly.  When it stopped working, I brought it back and bought another one, thinking it was a fluke. The second one was more expensive and a different brand. It waited a few weeks before it also failed. I couldn't find the receipt for it, but I figured that like most other stores, they wouldn't assume that I'm a liar and would take the defective item back. Bad assumption on my part. The lady at the return desk, after telling me store policy, just kinda shrugged and said, "It looks like a ten dollar clock," as if that somehow matters. The fact is I paid over thirty for it. Silly me. Anyhow, she got her manager and the manager asked how I paid for it. Cash. "Oh too bad. Without the receipt, there is no record of the sale, and that clock is not in our system." So basically, she was calling me a liar. And that made me angry. I guess I told her to go forth and multiply, but I used different words. 
